---
layout: post
title: "Week 7: The Cathedral and the Bazaar & the role of open source in global affairs"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

From my readings of the essay, the sentence that got me is "too often software developers spend their days grinding away for pay at programs they neither need nor love". <!--more--> Personally I struggle and get frustrated doing things that I don't enjoy doing. That's why I chose computer science, after trying out almost every subject in CAS, I found out that among all of them I enjoy programming the most. But then within programming there are many different projects and various roles in a project to choose from, which is a difficult task. Or maybe I should just learn to accept and love what I do no matter what it is? But at least from the essay he(???) told me to pursue something I love, which sounds more fun and hopeful than simply accepting. 

Then from the in class discussion on the essay, we talked about "if you have the right attitude, interesting problems will find you," and I realized that I'm not the only one computer science found. I haven't considered the cs subject as the "interesting problem" before. I'm surprised to see most of the class, including me, haven't taken a cs course before college, and somehow we all managed to choose cs (or cs chose us?) and come together in this class. i had this warm feeling surrounded by similar people with me. I guess from now on I'll try harder to make connections with other classmates and build relationships that would last.

Then we also talk about the dilemma where how involved should users get in open source projects. Although (the author of Cathedral) says that we should treat users as co-developers, Jim Hall earlier complained how he was getting too many repeated and (retarded?) questions that he already explained. So it is a question whether layperson should consider themselves as developers and speak out their ideas. 

## The role of open source in global affairs 

The influence between global affairs and open source is mutual. Politics have an impact on open source, at the same time, open source change the way war is. 

The war made open source companies/developers to start setting limits on the use of open source softwares, which have always been completely open for copy and use for everyone. Scarf restricted Russian government and military's access to open source packages, and there are others thinking of doing the same. So political conflicts keep happening, will open source start to have limits and restrictions? Will it eventually be open only towards certain countries or communties? 

On the other hand, open source intelligence in involved in the global affair as a war tactic. It is acting the role of a spy, and in an exaggerated sense, everyone in the country uploading videos onto the internet is a spy sending information to other countries. Actually, the issue of using social media to (get?) confidential information occured long ago. Years before, Trump accused Wechat, a Chinese social media app, for leaking information from the US to China, and tried to ban the app. But I didn't realize that OSS can also get involved. In OSINT's case, it is used to crack Russian 战术？战略？So is this going to further affect the limits on open source? 

## My thoughts about contributing 

It's quite difficult to choose a project to contribute to, because I'm not sure what can I bring to the table. I always feel that my skills are not strong enough for it. Of course I hope to make contributions, and I know I'll feel accomplished if I'm able to push something to an open source project, knowing that people will be using code that I wrote (even if it's just one line). I think for me a huge reason for contributing to open source is realizing my value in the industry, to feel meaningful. But back to the begining, the biggest challenge is finding problems that hundreds and thousands of previous contributors didn't find, and fixing bugs that better programmers weren't able to fix, and I don't know if I'm capable of doing that...
