---
layout: post
title: "Week 14: Invited Speaker & Group Presentation"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Riju Khatri

On Tuesday, Riju Khatri, who is a Master's student at NYU, came to our classroom and shared with us her experience with open source. <!--more--> She talked about how working on open source helped her during job interviews. Not only does open source experience look good on the resume, but it also shows one's passion for the technology industry. In addition, working on open source projects helped her gain confidence because to solve the issues, she had to step out of her comfort zone and make interactions with the maintainers. 

Riju also shared how she made connections by going to conferences and she even met the leader of GitHub, which is something I definitely would like to do in the future. I feel like connections can be more important than technical skills sometimes, and assistance from professionals is vital. 


## Group Presentation

Our group didn't present this week, but I learned the importance of communicating with the maintainers from the Open library group. Our group struggled with finding solvable issues, while they have the maintainer sending them good issues to work on. Also, I feel like they built a valuable bond with the maintainer that will continue after this course. However, although our group probably should've reached out more, our project is much larger than theirs, and it's difficult to catch attention in a large project among hundreds of new contributors. I also found out that the other groups working on huge projects didn't get much attention from the maintainers too. So I guess maybe it's a better idea if we chose a smaller project at the beginning?