---
layout: post
title: "Week 13: Group Presentation & Group Work"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Group Presentation

From the presentation, I realized that besides fixing issues, finding issues is also a choice. <!--more--> Our team only focused on fixing code and making pull requests, maybe we can start reporting issues too. But besides this, I feel like all the teams have done a similar amount of work like us, most struggled with the initial setup, and are currently working on the second or third pull request. There really isn't much surprise from any group.

But one group does particularly interest me, which is Spicetify. The project seems very fun, and I look forward to the group's theme that they intend to create. 


## Our Presentation

My group did plan for the presentation, wrote a frame with bullet points, and divided parts of the presentation between us. However, one of my groupmate had personal issues and didn't show up, so the other groupmate and I were a little lost during it, and our presentation went a lot shorter than expected. In addition, I get very nervous in front of people, so I skimmed through my part quickly, making it even shorter. Thankfully the other groupmate is good at public speaking and carried the whole thing by doing most of the sharing. I suppose I really should practice presenting more...


## Our Progress

We were trying really hard to find the file of the issue code. We asked the maintainers for help, and he provided us a method to find all the code containing a specific keyword, which helped a little, but still didn't solve the problem. We didn't expect finding the code to be this hard. It would be simple if the maintainers just comment the name on top of the file. I have confidence in fixing the code as long as we can find it. I did most of the work related to the code itself in the group, while my teammates work on communicating, finding good issues, and making the git push. Hopefully, we can solve the current issue soon.