---
layout: post
title: "Week 2: Code of Conduct & Web Extensions"
---

# Code of Conduct

* First of all, having a code of conduct document helps maintaining order. It provides support for victims who are being treated disrespectfully. A person's working experience can be completely ruined by bad colleagues. Without code of conduct, the person may feel helpless, not knowing where to seek help. With rules listed out in code of conduct, victims can get the help they need more easily, and the community can remain ordered. In addition, a community with a code of conduct might attract better employees who are willing to follow it and keep mean people away. I think all projects would benefit from having a code of conduct.

* Instead of Enforcement, Go Community have Conflict Resolution instead. Their resolution is more detailed, addressing various levels of conflict differently. They also encourage contributors to solve conflicts instead of reporting them, and reports might not get a response. My guess for its reason is that Go might have a bigger and more diverse community where it is difficult for the stewards to investigate and address all problems fairly, so they only response to the serious ones, and let the contributors deal with the rest on their own. Another difference between Go and Contributor Covenant's code of conduct is that Go's is more personalized to create a sense of hospitality while Contributor Covenant's is more general. I suppose Go wants to communicate their values through the code of conduct and create a welcoming community for contributors. 

* Code of conduct of Eclipse(https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php). Eclipse has similar code of conduct as Contributor Covenant. It is more general and strict than Go's. In addition, Go has an introduction to the purpose of having a code of conduct, but Eclipse doesn't. Maybe it's because Eclipse contributors are more sophisticated programmers so they already know what code of conduct is, and Go is more open to beginners.

* Sugar Lab's code of conduct is kind of like an extended version of the Gopher Values section in Go's code of conduct. It is definitely very different, and it is more like a guidance of how to be a nice contributor instead of setting rules for members. The document is based on Ubuntu's Code of Conduct. 

* One open source project I'm interested in is Chromium. Google Chrome is mainly operating using its code. It has a code of conduct at https://chromium.googlesource.com/chromium/src/+/HEAD/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md . Comparing to Go and Sugar Lab, Chromium majorly addressed the most severe issue and what is not acceptable. It doesn't talk much about building a welcoming community or Google's own value. But I guess it fits Google's simple and elegant style. 

# Browser Add-on Activity

* The Add-on activity was fun to work on. It is very new to me, I didn't know making my own modifications on the website is possible before. The result turned out looking cool, with very few lines of code, and the icons are really cute. 



