---
layout: post
title: "Week 4: Browser Extension Project"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Group Work
The group project went pretty well and I enjoyed the process. <!--more--> I was really lucky to have two amazing teammates who were very responsible, which is a rare case for team work. Collaborating with them went very smoothly. Everyone responds quickly in the group chat, and besides working in class, we met once at Bobst and another time on zoom to work on the project. I hope my future projects with other teams will work as well as this one. 

## My Contributions
I mainly worked on finding and choosing our group favorite available extension on Firefox and researching on the extension. After browsing through the extensions on Firefox, I chose a few that stood out to me and asked my teammates for their opinion on which one they like. Then we chose our favorite extension, Dark Reader, and I researched its license and repository. 
Besides this, I tried to provide support for my teammates as much as possible when they face issues.

## Things I learned
I learned about using GitHub. I had my first merge conflict during this project, and now I know how to deal with it. 
I also learned about available extensions on Firefox, I was very surprised that programmer have developed so many extensions that makes the browser easier and safer to use. I've never used local extensions on browsers before, and I think I'm going to start using them, like AdBlocker for YouTube, from now on. 
Lastly I learned to relax during presentation. I always get extremely nervous for public speaking, and I was really nervous before this presentation too. But all others students listened carefully while I was speaking, and laughed when I said funny things. It really loosened my nerves and I got more and more comfortable as I spoke. So I learned that there is nothing to fear and I can do well on presentations. 

## Other Teams
All group's projects are fun and creative, and everyone was chill and presented well. The project that stood out to me was Study Timer. I think it is quite different from the rest of ours projects, something that isn't similar to any available online extension on Firefox. I personally use a study timer on my phone when I do homework, so I would totally use this group's extension on my computer. For me, it is the most useful one out of all groups. 

