---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: Intro to Open Source"
---


* When I hear the term "open source", I think of GitHub and the overwhelming number of files in a project. During my summer internship at Dell, I had to pull the code for the company's project from GitHub, debug, and push them. It was my first time using GitHub and I was pretty confused. There was over a hundred files and I had no idea where to find what. But in the end, although the process was difficult, I felt a real sense of accomplishment every time I push my code to the repository, and open source is not that scary to me anymore. 

* Open source is a great way for people to contribute and learn. Everyone can contribute to the project, so a problem one could not solve might be fixed by another person. Sometimes debugging can be very time consuming, but with the benefit of open source, it can be fixed in a short period of time. In addition, open source project is a great place for programming beginners to learn how others write code, and use helpful open source tools that make programming much easier. 

* However, while open source make bug fixing easier, it might create more bugs due to different people working on the same project without knowing it thoroughly. Also, open source software is often more difficult for users to use since it is constantly changing, and the guides are for developer, not laypersons. 

* I decided to take Open Source Software Development course because after my internship experience, I realized that knowing how to contribute to a bigger project is an important skill, and there are still lots of useful open source tools I don't know about. Also, I wish to get better at using GitHub from commandline. 

* Some open source projects that I use often are Chrome, Wikipedia, Visual Studio Code, and Eclipse. I didn't know Chrome is open source until just now. It really is a surprise. Chrome is fast, easy to use, and visually pleasing. I barely use safari since I downloaded Chrome. Wikipedia is another project, other than Chrome, that I use daily. Although people say you shouldn't trust things from Wikipedia because random people contribute to it, it is still the most convenient and informative place for learning new terms. I used Eclipse a lot when I was learning Java. The built-in bug fix is amazing and saved me tons of time. Recently I switched to Visual Studio Code because I'm programming more in C and Javascript, and VS Code basically supports every programming language. 


