---
layout: post
title: "Week 12: Open Source in Business & Group Work"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Open Source in Business

After looking at a few videos from the YouTube channel, Open Source in Business, I learned how open source is applied in non-IT industries like film and banking. <!--more--> Since I'm interested in creating visual effects, I paid extra attention to the Open Source in Film video.

I learned that the film industry decided to switch from traditionally paid software to open source software because there is an increasing amount of collaborations between teams, studios, and companies. So for everyone to be able to open the file, open source software is the best choice since it is affordable, 0 dollars, for them. I am surprised that film companies work mutually with each other on projects and issues. I thought they are competitors trying to beat one another to become the best one. 

In addition, Carol Payne from Netflix talked about the diversity inclusion group she is working on. She shared how open source in the film is still a white male-dominated place even though it is meant for everyone regardless of gender or race to join. As an Asian female, I appreciate her work trying to include diverse people---adjusting meetings to fit all time zones, and thinking to overcome language barriers. It makes me want to join the community.


## Group Work

This week we continued to work on the Zulip issue from last time. The coding part was not that challenging. What got us was working with GitHub in a regulated way. We had a hard time re-committing new code to the same pull request because the project doesn't allow multiple commits. We also spent a long time trying to change our previous commit message to fit the format. We realized that the time we spent on issues outside of the code is much longer than the time on fixing them. 

The same problem occurred for the second issue too. We claimed a new issue, and found its code by inspecting elements, I knew how to fix the code, but we just couldn't locate which file the code is in. We spent the majority of the class time going through Zulip's HTML files and tried searching for similar issues on GitHub but still couldn't find the file. It was truly an unexpected challenge.