---
layout: post
title: "Week 6: Chrispher Snider & Non-profit Open Source"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Chrispher Snider

Snider's description of his daily life living with diabetes left a deep impression on me. <!--more--> Frankly speaking, I never really sympathized with people with diabetes before, since I am not in their condition or facing the difficulties they are experiencing. I didn't understand how or why all these people come together to form a diabetes community. But after personally seeing a person with the illness and hearing his words, I was touched and started to sympathize with them. From my memory, Snider's words were "life with diabetes is every time before you want to go out and do something, like walking a dog, you have to check your blood sugar... You have to decide whether to eat a cake depending on your glucose level." I thought about the times I ate a whole cake at night because I wanted to, and realized that I am blessed with a freedom that diabetics don't have, and I took it for granted. I wouldn't dare to imagine having to poke my finger every time before eating a cake. I probably couldn't even poke my finger once. Knowing how difficult their life is helped me understand their deeds, and I am much likely to help with their projects in the future. 

## Non-profit Open Source
In class we went into an in-depth discussion around the open source project that have kids farm with robots, and the topic expanded to feminity and peer influence. I think the purpose of the project is, rather than teaching kids how to farm, by having them do fun projects like building robots to get them interested in computer science and engineering, which is a growing industry that will only get larger. In this case, even if some kids, especially girls,  naturally don't like computer science related subjects, they might become interested because it is what their peers are doing, which makes this project practical.