---
layout: post
title: "Week 5: Eclipse & Red Hat"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

## Eclipse Evaluation Activity

I  was really surprised by how many open source projects Eclipse has. <!--more--> I thought Eclipse is just a Java Development Tool, but in fact they have over 400 projects including web development tools, C and C++ tools, and even a Graphiti creating tool. They cover almost everything a software developer could think of, and allows different ways to contribute to their projects. However, that comes the tricky part. 

Contributing to the projects, especially fixing code, is not an easy job. Eclipse don't use GitHub. They have their own git system which is complex and unwelcoming for beginners. It is difficult to do very basic things like navigating around or looking at the code. My teammate and I were both very confused by their system so it is probably not my problem here. 

But besides Eclipse's system being difficult to use, the good part is that the maintainers are responsible, so if one truly spend the time learning and getting used to the system, their projects are worth contributing to. 


## Red Hat Videos

Through the videos, I learned how open source is connected to big real world issues like healthcare, education, and environment. I used to have the question that how does open source projects make profit ---I couldn't believe people are spending their time and energy making contributions for nothing. But now I realized that many of them are doing this for the public good, to save money for students, or to make their community a better place. These are great people with kind hearts.

Another thing I noticed is that Richard Baraniuk from openstax mentions the problem he discovered as an "itch needed to be scratched" by himself and many colleagues. I think that is very inspiring, and it is exactly where many great ideas and products come from: problems that are happening around ourselves. Often times we are not the only ones facing the issue, and if we can provide a solution to it, we can possibly help many people and, at the same tine, be successful. 

