---
layout: post
title: "Week 3: Git & Jim Hall"
---

# Git

I have to confess here that I am actually a beginner to Git. In class nobody raised their hand and admitted that they are beginner, so I was scared to raised my hand too, and I raised my hand to intermediate instead. But in fact I only knows how to clone, pull and push using the GitHub GUI. So I'm glad we actually got to learn the basics of Git in class. 

Things I learned that I didn't know: 

* Version Control Systems used to be centralized, but now it is decentralized, so all versions of the project	is saved on every contributor's computer. 

* There is merge and merge conflict. I literally had no idea they exist, because when I worked on past projects, I always wait for others to complete their parts and then pull and work on mine. I didn't know others and I can work synchronously on the same file, and under most cases GitHub is able to merge them. 

* The sequence for pushing goes like commit --> pull --> push. 

* We can add as many remotes as we want to our local repository. 


# Jim Hall

From the discussion with Jim Hall, I not only learned plenty about Open Source but also came up with some new questions:

* First I learned that there are many ways for people who can't program that well to contribute: one can translate the software to different languages; test run the program and find bugs for developers;  and write documentations for the program. I'm considering contributing in one of the ways above to open source projects when I get free time.

* Mr. Hall also mentioned that on the user's side, the most important feature of a software is that it is easy to use. He talks about how they would get five users to test the software, and functions that look obvious to the programmer can be very tricky for the users. But if a software is easy to use, people will continue to use it. Whether it is good-looking or not doesn't matter so much. 

* One question that came to my mind during the discussion is how do open source projects profit? My first guess was that most of their money comes from sponsorship. But after googling, I realized that they earn money mostly from paid additional services like paid support, paid feature requests, or paid extensions, basically by doing extra work. I suppose like Mr. Hall said, programmers do open source purely out of the passion for programming, for the excitement of exercising their brain and solving a tricky problem. 

* Lastly, Mr. Hall said free software and open source software are basically the same, which I didn't really understood. I thought free software is just software that are free to download and use, but its code is not necessary visible, and others wouldn't be able to contribute to it. Obviously I had the wrong idea for free software. From gnu.org, we can see that free software means that "users have the freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change and improve the software". So they are indeed very similar, and are basically two different philosophical approaches to the same thing.




